To my pretty girl
I've been trying to figure out how to say all the things that are in my head, as you so often tell me I tend to bottle things up. I do have a hard time putting things into words, especially when it comes to things that I tend to think about a lot. I've spent the past year with you, and I often reflect on how quickly the time has passed, it truly does not feel as though an entire year has passed by. Over this past year I've thought about you nearly every day, usually most poignantly when we are not together. This is an attempt to communicate a lot of the things I feel that as you are painfully aware, are sometimes quire difficult for me to communicate with my words, so I'll try writing them down. 

	Sarada, The past year has been difficult for both of us for a wide variety of reasons, it so often seems as though the world is quickly and violently falling apart and we are left to pick up the pieces. We are both young and naive about so much that we don't even know about, so much of our lives has been filled with much pain and hardship. But despite the existential weight of it all, I am able to remain hopeful for the future because of you. This past year has been very difficult for me, I have always struggled with my mental health, but having you has given me so much strength to persevere throughout all the challenges that I've faced throughout this past year. Knowing that I have you to come back to, has allowed me to be so strong and patient with life. I know that most things won't matter cuz I've got you, I know that know I don't care about things because I have you, and I know that at the end of the day things can not affect me as they once did because I have you. The past year has been rough, we've both been through a lot, but I got to meet you so none of that really matters, when I look back at this time of my life, I know that all the hardships and struggles will pale when I remember falling in love with you.

	You met me at a very strange time in my life, I was about to go through perhaps the roughest part of my life. When I lost my entire friend-group, a collection of people who I truly thought I would continue to grow close too for at least a few more years. However when I look back at that time I realize now the things I really remember is the first step of our relationship, going on dates to the movie theater, drinking wine together, and just staying up and talking. You truly saved me, I don't know how else to say it, you let me continue to be me, you encouraged me to be myself and grow as a person with you by my side. Obviously I have no idea where both of us are headed in the near future, we've both learned recently that there are no guarantees in life. But I promise you that no matter what, there will always be a part of me that loves you, no matter what happens between us, no matter where we go, no matter who we become. You are the most encouraging, beautiful soul I have met and I don't care what happens moving forward as I know that I got to meet you and I am such a better person for it, we could never speak again and I know that part of me would still yearn for your soft brown eyes, and to hold your small hands deep within mine. I pray that never happens, and I am so grateful that I get to talk to you every day no matter how angry or upset I am with you. I really truly love you, and nothing will change that. I am writing this as I don't think that I could quite articulate what I want to tell you 
